hello youtube this is shadow XXX 360
n0sc0pe with cell that stuff right there
save it but since I already have it
we're all good so I'll just go ahead and
install it right now let's go ahead and
do this real quick alright right there
when pcap with the run you want a next
next next I agree you want to
automatically start the WIMP @p cap
driver a good time because you don't
want to have to keep on starting it up
every time you want to play xbox kinect
that's going to be a pain in the ass so
there you go and then now you're gonna
find on the second link of the
description and it'll be right here and
it's 4 so let's asks you if you have a
low end or high end PC and it's a skin
to the non scanned version I have a nice
version so I click on that alright but I
already have the file so it's no good
it's all good so we can close out of
this now and install run you want always
run your programs next next next next
this is the part you need to pay
attention to don't skip this use default
P SDK driver know we just installed the
wind P cab driver so we're gonna use
that it's the better version it's way
better it works at almost every time I
mean it's amazing
alright now this this installer has a
like way late version like it's way old
so you don't even just use one we
already installed or else it'll mess up
and then there you go wait about 20
seconds or so maybe a little longer
depending on your computer speed it's a
quirk or slower
and then you will be almost perfectly
ready all right and there you go
do whatever you want that's what I do
start it up right off the bat so we can
show you what to do and well I already
read this so read it before you do this
and I'm 13 years older I'm 15 years old
so I'm not too worried about that don't
lie kids but some kids get on there
without looking at that but be honest
you love honesty here an Xbox Kinect
just kidding I don't even know but all
right and I read this if you're new if
you're not I'll tell you because exactly
what to do all right
no I already have an account
all right and now we got this down now
it's gonna do all this junk you know
what you're gonna want to do is you're
gonna wanna find your console now I
already have found my console so we're
gonna skip this completely completely
but not actually we're gonna show you
okay you go to tools find in my console
searching all your devices because you
don't know which one of this I don't
actually have my console up right now so
that's the problem
so hold on let me go ahead and get that
console up right now for you all right
once you got on your xbox you want to
click on your character click on system
link click ok and there you'll see
create a new game now go back to your PC
and wait for the instructions all right
now we are back and I have successfully
put the console up so yeah here we go
you want to click OK and there look for
your console on all the devices you
selected of course I just flicked them
off so I don't know which one is
actually on and it's on number to call
my console has been fine all right now
right at that I want to refresh make
sure you don't join any games that are
gone because I would cycle actually want
to put on the halo 2 first fresh alright
and there you go we got two people so I
want to double click on that
motherfucker and there we go I got
connection all right when it says I net
and console traffic then you're good
your name will show up right there and
then you're good so this is a game held
in Mexico or Columbia so yeah
alright now I'm gonna show you what to
do now alright and now what we do is we
click on this game that just showed up I
don't know where basically and you wait
for it to load the map you know you
might recognize this
it's the halo 2 screen where you're
waiting in the lobby
alright now connects to the session and
there you are
beautiful isn't it god I love this game
alright well this is like me playing
without a warmup I'm bad anyway uh not
gonna be much I fail at be alright here
as you can see but it's all good just
showing you guys that it works all good
some guys don't play I don't know why
but that guy was not dying Church just
like that hacker you know but that's it
have fun alright and there you go as you
can see I showed you a little demo of me
sucking it up on Xbox Kinect because
honestly I was playing with my recorder
straight up so I was a little bit of lag
but you know it's okay so I it's an
amazing game so you know what check it
out every time in game when you're done
and then yeah just go ahead and add
friends you know add buddy yeah oopsie
he's a real guy but you want to remove
him because I don't even know that kid
okay alright so now that we're good and
we're all ready now we can just go ahead
and log out or of course if you're you
want to stay on but that's all good
that's all good
that's all good so yeah alright thanks
for watching this tutorial video I hope
you enjoyed the video I hope that you
worked out for you please tell me in the
description if it did not help you out
somehow it works for everyone I've done
it before before so thank you all for
watching I hope to see you on Xbox
Kinect to go ahead and add me my
username is shadow xxx 360 or lemonade's
with a Z so go ahead and add up I'm
ready to play I love that game well the
Xbox Kinect it's a great community well
have some fun guys bye